[IMP] Accounting - US Expenses CoA (#17642)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/accounting/get_started/chart_of_accounts.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code and Account Name
---------------------
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each account is identified by its :guilabel:`Code` and :guilabel:`Account Name`, which also indicate the
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide information on the account's purpose and behavior
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Correctly configuring the account's :guilabel:`Type` is critical as it serves multiple purposes:
```

determines which :doc:`fiscal localization package <../../fiscal_localizations>` is installed by
default. This package adds a standard chart of accounts already configured according to the
country's regulations, including expense accounts that may be :ref:`linked to default asset models
<chart-of-account/assets>`. You can use the chart of accounts directly or modify it according to
your company's needs.

To create a new account, go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Chart of Accounts`,
click :guilabel:`Create`, and fill in (at the minimum) the required fields (:guilabel:`Code, Account
Name, Type`).

.. warning::
   It is not possible to modify the **fiscal localization** of a company once a journal entry has
   been posted.

Code and account name
---------------------

Each account is identified by its :guilabel:`Code` and :guilabel:`Account Name`, which also indicate
the account's purpose.

.. _chart-of-account/type:

Type
----

Correctly configuring the account's :guilabel:`Type` is critical as it serves multiple purposes:

- Provide information on the account's purpose and behavior

> - Information on the account's purpose and behavior

Reviewer: Hi @larm-odoo , it looks like my previous comment was added to the wrong line. Line 51 (that you've added) was supposed to replace line 52, just for consistency in starting each line with a verb and having parallel structure. You can just delete line 52 and it will all be good :)
I'll go ahead and approve so you don't have to wait on another review from me. Thanks!

> country's regulations. You can use it directly or set it according to your company's needs.

Reviewer: I think it makes more sense to add the content of you note here. What about this:

> The country you select during the creation of your database (or additional company in your database) determines which [fiscal localization package](https://runbot267.odoo.com/runbot/static/build/109403790-19-0/logs/build/html/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations.html) is installed by default. This package adds a standard chart of accounts already configured according to the country’s regulations, including expense accounts that may be :ref:`linked to default asset models <ANCHOR NEEDED>`. You can use the chart of accounts directly or modify it according to your company’s needs.

We'll need to add an anchor to the asset section for the ref to work :)

| Other         | Other       | Off-Balance Sheet       | Transactions not displayed on the balance sheet or profit and loss report                                       |
+---------------+-------------+-------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

.. note::
   Different expense accounts may be created based on the installed :doc:`fiscal localization
   package <../../fiscal_localizations>`. Check the various linked expense accounts with their
   corresponding asset models, as some may depend on localization settings.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Assets
~~~~~~

Some **account types** can **automate** the creation of :ref:`asset <assets-automation>` entries. To
**automate** entries, click :guilabel:`View` on an account line and go to the :guilabel:`Automation`

> tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accounts of type :guilabel:`Fixed Assets` and :guilabel:`Non-current Assets` can **automate** the creation of :ref:`asset <assets-automation>` entries. To
**automate** entries, click :guilabel:`View` on an account line and go to the :guilabel:`Automation`
tab.
```

> You have three choices for the :guilabel:`Automation` tab:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three options for the :guilabel:`Automation` tab:
```

Default taxes
-------------

> In the :guilabel:`View` menu of an account, select a **default tax** to be applied when this account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`View` menu of an account, select the :guilabel:`Default Taxes` to be applied when this account
```
